fix(dir): document 3P directory-browser handoff (#40725)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/plugins.txt

	vim.g.loaded_nvim_dir_plugin = 1
<

Replacing the directory browser                         *dir-replace-browser*

To use another directory browser for the current session, delete the

> `nvim.dir` autocommand group after startup and handle |FileType| "directory":

Reviewer: It should be (and currently is) possible to do this not only after startup, but also on `VimEnter`. Otherwise there would have been no way to use other browser with directory in arglist (i.e. starting like `nvim .`).

So maybe something like this:

```suggestion
`nvim.dir` autocommand group on or after |VimEnter| and handle |FileType| "directory":
```
